FREJ CONTRIBUTOR AGREEMENT

Note: Be sure to check last paragraph before any contribution made!

1. Term 'contribution' refers to any source code, object code, patch, tool,
sample, graphic, specification, manual, documentation, or any other 
material posted or submitted to a project by any person other than its author.

In cases, when source files being contributed are based upon previous versions
of the same files, 'contribution' refers only to changes made to these files.

The person who submitted contribution is referred as 'contributor'.

'Derivative' of contribution is any similar material which may be based upon
that contribution itself.

2. Project status

FREJ is open-source project under LGPL v3.0 license.
It is developed by me with
educational purpose, but could be, possibly, used in commercial projects
by its author or any other person.

3. Authorship, ownership and administration of project

Regardless of any contributions, Rodion Gorkovenko (Saint-Petersburg, Russia)
is the only author of project itself and its only administrator and owner.

Person, who submits any contribution is regarded as author of this exactly
contribution (i.e. this exactly revision), but have no author rights to
any derivatives.

4. Contributor agrees that project owner:
- could do any things in relation to contribution, as
if its owner too;
- may register a copyright in your contribution and exercise all ownership rights associated with it;
- has not any duty to consult with, obtain the consent of, pay or render an accounting to the other for any use or 
distribution of your contribution.

5. Contributor have right at any time refer to his contribution (via link
to proper repository revision) as to work done by him, to represent his skills
to (potential) employers, teachers etc.

Project administrator will try to preserve repository so that all contributors
could always access their contributions.

6. Before commiting any contribution, contributor should see clearly all
files in repository and this agreement too. Commiting any contribution
contributor confirms that he agrees with all statements of this agreement.

Contributor must not commit anything if he disagrees with these statements.
Doing so is regarded as potentially harmful intention against Project Owner.
